SimplePost NEWS

* Noteworthy changes in release 0.4.0 (2017-05-27) [stable]

** Rewrote the build system to use autotools

  The original build system for SimplePost was hand-written Makefiles.
  Although they were pretty easy to understand and easy to write, they made it
  difficult to dynamically enable and disable features without searching the
  Makefiles themselves for feature flags, and, more importantly, they made it
  difficult to cross-compile SimplePost. Therefore in this release replaces
  the former hand-written Makefiles with GNU autoconf and GNU automake.

  Using the new build system is fairly straight-forward. Install autoconf,
  automake, and autoconf-archive on your machine, then run the following
  commands. This should be familiar to anyone who has used an autotools-based
  project before.
    $ ./bootstrap
    $ ./configure
    $ make
    $ sudo make install

** Added new command line options to make scripting easier

  From the beginning, one of the big advantages of SimplePost over other HTTP
  servers - possibly *the* big advantage - was that it could be used to
  quickly and easily setup a webserver from a shell script. This release added
  several new features designed to significantly enhance those scripting
  capabilities.

  Notably the "--list files" option was added to provide a way to get a list
  of the files currently being served by any active SimplePost instance; the
  "--uri" option was added to provide a way to explicitly set the URI of a
  file rather than just using its file name (as was the previous default);
  and the "--daemon" option was added to provide an easy way to run SimplePost
  in the background as a system daemon. Combined with the preexisting options,
  SimplePost 0.4 presents a much more powerful interface for shell scripting.

* Noteworthy changes in release 0.3.0 (2014-03-10) [stable]

** Replaced minimally compliant HTTP/1.0 implementation with HTTP/1.1

  The original HTTP implementation in SimplePost was not very complete and
  barely HTTP/1.0 compliant. Since there are more than a few good HTTP servers
  already in existance, we completely replaced the extremely basic, internal
  HTTP/1.0 server with the much more complete and robust GNU libmicrohttpd
  HTTP/1.1 server library. The library requires its consumers to implement
  handlers for certain requests, so SimplePost still does not support many of
  the features of the standard, but its core HTTP/1.1 support and error
  handling is drastically more complete.

** Serve files on an equivalent instance of this program by default

  In the last version of this program it was possible host files using another
  instance of it by specifying the process identifier of the other instance
  using the --pid option. The --pid option still works the same way, but now
  SimplePost will try to find another instance of itself running somewhere on
  the system which the current user has access to and is bound to the ADDRESS
  and listening on the PORT specified by the --address and --port options,
  respectively. The old default behavior can be invoked using the --new option.

** Rewrote the messages produced by this program

  There was absolutely nothing wrong with most of the messages produced by the
  last version of this program from a user's perspective, but there were
  relatively few of them, and they did not help developers identify where in
  the code the message originated.

  Now each message printed to standard output or standard error is prefixed
  with the a header - referred to internally as the "namespace" - which
  identifies which component the message originated from. Since the program is
  highly modular (logically so at that), the namespace header should make
  messages easier to identify for both end users and developers.

  This program also prints significantly more messages now. Formerly all
  messages were either errors or purely informational. There are now warning
  messages, for potential or non-crictical issues, printed. If this program is
  compiled in debug mode, additional sanity checks are performed internally and
  signficantly more messages are be printed to standard output.

* Noteworthy changes in release 0.2.0 (2013-03-31) [stable]

** Serve more than one file simultaneously

  While this probably seems like an obvious addition, more than one file can
  now be served simultaneously! There are two ways to do this. The first - and
  easiest - is to specify more than one file on the command line. The second is
  to add files to a running instance of the program using the '--pid' switch.

* Noteworthy changes in release 0.1.0 (2012-12-20) [stable]

** Intial release

  Since this is the initial release of SimplePost, there are no changes of
  note. See the README for release details; EVERYTHING's NEW!
