  Copyright (C) 2012-2016 Karl Lenz.

  Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
  are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
  notice and this notice are preserved.

Allow entire directories to be hosted, not simply individual files. There are
a few ways to handle this, and I'm not sure which would be best. One option
would be to recursively search the directory and host all files in it, then
display a web page listing all the files in the directory (with hyperlinks,
obviously) when it is requested by a client. Another option would be to gzip
the directory and serve the archive to the client when it is requested.

Add IPv6 support to the server. Most modern POSIX networking functions have the
support included already, but it needs to be explicitly enabled in the HTTP
server. It would probably be a good idea to also give the user the choice of
using IPv4, IPv6, or both.

Add configuration file support. It would be nice to be able to launch
SimplePost with a pre-determined set of files to serve. The program does not
need to be capable of generating this configuration file, but it obviously must
be able to parse it. Like most UNIX configuration files, SimplePost's config
file should be easy to edit by hand. A well-commented default config file, or
at least an example, should be created for this feature. Explicit documentation
would also be good. Libconfig is probably the best, least error-prone way to
implement this support. http://www.hyperrealm.com/libconfig

Add log file support. Like most web servers, it would be extremely useful,
particularly for security monitoring, if SimplePost could write its status out
to a file. Keeping with the spirit of this program, the log support should be
completely optional. There are many situations that this program handles well
which larger, more complete web servers do not, and requiring the user to work
through more configuration settings before getting their basic web server
up-and-running goes against its design philosophy.

Implement support for custom URLs. Currently URLs are designated by the
SimplePost HTTP server. While they work and are fairly readable, it would be
nice to be able to specify a custom URL for a file. simplepost_serve_file()
already implements this feature, it just need to be exposed to the user.

Allow the user to query the current status of the server. Ideally this function
should not be interactive, but should instead use the program's existing
functionality to target another running instance and query its status over the
existing socket interface (which will probably need to have its command set
extended). This status should include at least the number of files being
served and the number of times they may still be downloaded. Other statistics
such as the number of files already downloaded and the number of active
connections might also be useful. The query function should make the server
more scriptable, thereby potentially making it more appealing to system
administrators.
